Scikit doc (#1004)
adap/flower: doc/source/quickstart_scikitlearn.rst

We load the MNIST dataset from `OpenML <https://www.openml.org/d/554>`_, a popular image classification dataset of handwritten digits for machine learning. The utility :code:`utils.load_mnist()` downloads the training and test data. The training set is split afterwards into 10 partitions with :code:`utils.partition()`. 

.. code-block:: python

    if __name__ == "__main__":

        (X_train, y_train), (X_test, y_test) = utils.load_mnist()

        partition_id = np.random.choice(10)
        (X_train, y_train) = utils.partition(X_train, y_train, 10)[partition_id]

Next, the logistic regression model is defined and initialized with :code:`utils.set_initial_params()`.

.. code-block:: python

    model = LogisticRegression(
        penalty="l2",
        max_iter=1,  # local epoch
        warm_start=True,  # prevent refreshing weights when fitting
    )

    utils.set_initial_params(model)

The Flower server interacts with clients through an interface called
:code:`Client`. When the server selects a particular client for training, it
sends training instructions over the network. The client receives those
instructions and calls one of the :code:`Client` methods to run your code

> (i.e., to train the neural network we defined earlier).

Reviewer: Not a NN in this case
```suggestion
(i.e., to fit the logistic regression we defined earlier).
```

> Flower provides a convenience class called :code:`MnistClient` which makes it
> easier to implement the :code:`Client` interface when your workload uses scikit.
> Implementing :code:`MnistClient` usually means defining the following methods
> (:code:`set_parameters` is optional though):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Flower provides a convenience class called :code:`NumPyClient` which makes it
easier to implement the :code:`Client` interface when your workload uses scikit-learn.
Implementing :code:`NumPyClient` usually means defining the following methods
(:code:`set_parameters` is optional though):
```

The methods can be implemented in the following way:

.. code-block:: python

    class MnistClient(fl.client.NumPyClient):
        def get_parameters(self):  # type: ignore
            return utils.get_model_parameters(model)

        def fit(self, parameters, config):  # type: ignore
            utils.set_model_params(model, parameters)
            with warnings.catch_warnings():
                warnings.simplefilter("ignore")
                model.fit(X_train, y_train)
            print(f"Training finished for round {config['rnd']}")
            return utils.get_model_parameters(model), len(X_train), {}

        def evaluate(self, parameters, config):  # type: ignore
            utils.set_model_params(model, parameters)
            loss = log_loss(y_test, model.predict_proba(X_test))
            accuracy = model.score(X_test, y_test)
            return loss, len(X_test), {"accuracy": accuracy}

We can now create an instance of our class :code:`MnistClient` and add one line
to actually run this client:

.. code-block:: python

    fl.client.start_numpy_client("0.0.0.0:8080", client=MnistClient())

That's it for the client. We only have to implement :code:`Client` or

> :code:`MnistClient` and call :code:`fl.client.start_client()` or :code:`fl.client.start_numpy_client()`. The string :code:`"[::]:8080"` tells the client which server to connect to. In our case we can run the server and the client on the same machine, therefore we use

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:code:`NumPyClient` and call :code:`fl.client.start_client()` or :code:`fl.client.start_numpy_client()`. The string :code:`"0.0.0.0:8080"` tells the client which server to connect to. In our case we can run the server and the client on the same machine, therefore we use
```

> :code:`"[::]:8080"`. If we run a truly federated workload with the server and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:code:`"0.0.0.0:8080"`. If we run a truly federated workload with the server and
```

clients running on different machines, all that needs to change is the

> :code:`server_address` we point to the client.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:code:`server_address` we pass to the client.
```

First, we import again all required libraries such as Flower and scikit.

:code:`server.py`, import Flower and start the server:

.. code-block:: python

    import flwr as fl
    import utils
    from sklearn.metrics import log_loss
    from sklearn.linear_model import LogisticRegression
    from typing import Dict

The number of federated learning rounds is set in :code:`fit_round()` and the evaluation is defined in :code:`get_eval_fn()`.
The evaluation function is called after each federated learning round and gives you information about loss and accuracy.

.. code-block:: python

    def fit_round(rnd: int) -> Dict:
        """Send round number to client."""
        return {"rnd": rnd}

    def get_eval_fn(model: LogisticRegression):
        """Return an evaluation function for server-side evaluation."""

        _, (X_test, y_test) = utils.load_mnist()

        def evaluate(parameters: fl.common.Weights):
            utils.set_model_params(model, parameters)
            loss = log_loss(y_test, model.predict_proba(X_test))
            accuracy = model.score(X_test, y_test)
            return loss, {"accuracy": accuracy}

        return evaluate

> The :code:`main` contains the server-side parameter initialization :code:`utils.set_initial_params()` as well as the aggregation strategy :code:`fl.server.strategy:FedAvg()`. The strategy is the default one, federate averaging, with two clients and evaluation after each federated learning round.
> The server can be started with the command :code:`fl.server.start_server("0.0.0.0:8080", strategy=strategy, config={"num_rounds": 3})`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The :code:`main` contains the server-side parameter initialization :code:`utils.set_initial_params()` as well as the aggregation strategy :code:`fl.server.strategy:FedAvg()`. The strategy is the default one, federated averaging (or FedAvg), with two clients and evaluation after each federated learning round. The server can be started with the command :code:`fl.server.start_server("0.0.0.0:8080", strategy=strategy, config={"num_rounds": 3})`.
```
